added checklist for java-robot-route (#2)
mate-academy/jv-program-common-mistakes: java-core/oop/robot-route.md

### Common mistakes

#### Keeping whole logic in one huge method: 
In order to keep your code readable and reusable it's crucial to split large method into smaller ones.
Methods should not have more than an average of 30 code lines (not counting line spaces and comments).

> If you have code publication it should moved to separate method as well.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have code duplication it should be moved to a separate method as well.  
```
